docs: Add MDX docs and examples for Input components (#1128)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/react/select/stories/Select.stories.mdx

import {Meta} from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

import {Select} from '@workday/canvas-kit-react/select';

import {Alert} from './examples/Alert';
import {AlertStandalone} from './examples/AlertStandalone';
import {Default} from './examples/Default';
import {Disabled} from './examples/Disabled';
import {DisabledOption} from './examples/DisabledOption';
import {Error} from './examples/Error';
import {ErrorStandalone} from './examples/ErrorStandalone';
import {Grow} from './examples/Grow';
import {GrowStandalone} from './examples/GrowStandalone';
import {LabelPosition} from './examples/LabelPosition';
import {RefForwarding} from './examples/RefForwarding';
import {Required} from './examples/Required';
import {Standalone} from './examples/Standalone';

<Meta title="Components/Inputs/Select/React" component={Select} />

# Canvas Kit Select

> Select Drop-downs allow users to choose one option from a list of items in a Drop-down Menu.

Reviewer: Since the majority of people are starting to use the Select component in preview, it would be nice to link to it here (and maybe in the readme).

Author: Done. I've added it to [the top of the Select docs](https://5d854c26ba934e0020f5e98a-duglscczpo.chromatic.com/?path=/docs/components-inputs-select-react--default-story) -- let me know if you have any suggestions on wording.

relative to the Select. `labelPosition` accepts the following values:

- `FormField.LabelPosition.Top` (Default)
- `FormField.LabelPosition.Left`

<ExampleCodeBlock code={LabelPosition} />

## Required

Set the `required` prop of the wrapping Form Field to `true` to indicate that it's required. Labels
for required fields are suffixed by a red asterisk.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={Required} />

## Grow

Set the `grow` prop of the wrapping Form Field to `true` to configure the Select to expand to the
width of its container.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={Grow} />

The `grow` prop may also be applied directly to the Select if Form Field is not being used.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={GrowStandalone} />

## Ref Forwarding

Select supports [ref forwarding](https://reactjs.org/docs/forwarding-refs.html). It will forward
`ref` to its underlying `<select>` element.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={RefForwarding} />

## Error States

### Alert

Set the `error` prop of the wrapping Form Field to `FormField.ErrorType.Alert` and provide an
explanation using the `hintText` prop to set the Select to the Alert state.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={Alert} />

> The Alert state may be applied directly to the Select using the static `Select.ErrorType.Alert`
> value if Form Field is not being used.
> 
> <ExampleCodeBlock code={AlertStandalone} />

Reviewer: I'm not sure we need all of these standalone stories for props that are available on both `FormField` and the base component. They make the sidebar quite busy. I think the sentence above is enough and it doesn't really require an extra example.

```suggestion
The Alert state may be applied directly to the `Select` component directly using the static `Select.ErrorType.Alert`
value if `FormField` is not being used.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={AlertStandalone} />
```

Author: Agreed, I've removed all Standalone stories (`Standalone`, `Alert Standalone`, `Error Standalone`, etc.) throughout all the Input component MDXes.
